[docs] Remove Istio 1.19 from documentation (#18081)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/user/network/MANAGING_REQUEST_BETWEEN_SERVICE_ISTIO.md

## DestinationRule resource

> For more details on DestinationRule, refer to the [Istio documentation](https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/destination-rule/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details on DestinationRule, refer to the [Istio documentation](https://istio.io/v1.21/docs/reference/config/networking/destination-rule/).
```
